Speaker A: Okay, okay. Here is to my sister, the newly appointed head lunch chef—
Speaker B: Who's also in charge of purchasing.
Speaker A: Newly appointed head lunch chef who's also in charge of purchasing—
Speaker B: Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Speaker A: Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister—
Speaker B: Oh, wait. And I got a beeper.
Speaker C: Ah!
Speaker A: Oh, cool. That's fine. I'll just wait.
Speaker C: Oh, I'm sorry.
Speaker D: I'm sorry, sorry.
Speaker A: Monica!
Speaker C: Yay!
Speaker E: Are we ready to order?
Speaker B: Oh, you know what?
Speaker F: We haven't even looked yet.
Speaker E: Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat.
Speaker F: Wow, look at these prices.
Speaker G: Yeah, these are pretty chit-ching.
Speaker D: Oh, what are these, like famous chickens?
Speaker E: Do I dare ask?
Speaker B: Yes, I'll start with the carpaccio and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Speaker A: That sounds great. Same for me.
Speaker E: And for the gentleman?
Speaker D: Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza, but hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
Speaker E: You'd think, wouldn't you?
Speaker F: Miss?
Speaker G: Okay, I will have the, uh, side salad.
Speaker E: And what would that be on the side of?
Speaker G: I don't know. Why don't you just put it right here next to my water?
Speaker A: And for you?
Speaker F: Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup and, um, take care.
Speaker H: I will have the Cajun catfish.
Speaker E: Anything else?
Speaker H: Yes, how about a verse of "Killing Me Softly"?
Speaker A: Everyone owes $28.
Speaker D: Ooh yeah.
Speaker F: W—
Speaker G: Um, everyone?
Speaker D: Oh.
Speaker A: You're right. I'm sorry.
Speaker D: Thank you.
Speaker A: It's Monica's big night. She shouldn't pay.
Speaker B: Oh, thank you.
Speaker A: So 5 of us is $33.50 apiece.
Speaker F: No. Uh-uh. No way. Sorry. Not gonna happen.
Speaker H: Whoa, whoa. Prom night flashback.
Speaker F: I'm sorry, Monica. I'm really happy you got promoted, but— cold cucumber mush for 30-something bucks? Ha!
Speaker H: No!
Speaker F: Rachel just had that, that little salad and Joey with his, like, teeny pizza!
Speaker G: It's just—
Speaker A: Okay, Pheebs.
Speaker C: Shh, shh.
Speaker A: How about we'll each just pay for what we had, okay? It's no big deal.
Speaker F: Not for you.
Speaker C: All right, what's going on?
Speaker G: Okay, look, you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everybody uncomfortable.
Speaker A: Fine.
Speaker C: All right, all right, fine.
Speaker H: All right, you can tell us.
Speaker A: Yeah, hello, it's us. All right, we'll be fine.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker D: Okay, um, uh, we three feel like that, um, sometimes you, you guys don't get that, uh, Mm. We don't have as much money as you.
Speaker F: Okay.
Speaker A: I hear you.
Speaker H: We can talk about that.
Speaker F: Well, then— let's—
Speaker A: Well, um, I, I guess I just never think of money as an issue.
Speaker G: That's 'cause you have it.
Speaker A: That's a good point.
Speaker H: So, um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Speaker D: 'Cause it's always something, you know? Like with Monica's new job or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Speaker A: What? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative— D—
Speaker G: d—
Speaker A: there's gonna be a hoopla?
Speaker G: Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing, and it's—
Speaker B: If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing and we'll just do the gift.
Speaker A: Gift? The thing's not the gift?
Speaker H: No, the thing was we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Speaker A: Hootie and the— Oh, my— I can catch them on the radio.
Speaker F: Oh, no. Now I feel bad. You want to go to the concert?
Speaker A: No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together. All of us together, not at the concert.
Speaker G: Okay. Yeah, thank you.
Speaker A: Thanks.
Speaker C: Yeah.
Speaker H: So the Ebola virus, that's got to suck, huh?