(no diarization)
Okay, okay. Here is to my sister, the newly appointed head lunch chef. Who's also in charge of purchasing. Newly appointed head lunch chef, who's also in charge of purchasing. Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there. Lunch chef purchasing. Own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister. Oh, wait. And I got a paper. Oh, cool. That's fine. I'll just wait. Aw, sorry. Sorry, sorry. Monica! Are we ready to order? Oh, you know what? We haven't even looked yet. Well, when you do, just let me know. I'll be right over there on the edge of my seat. Wow, look at these prices. Yeah, these are pretty chit-ching. Oh, what are these, like famous chickens? Do I dare ask? Yes, I'll start with the carpaccio and then I'll have the grilled prawns. That sounds great. Same for me. And for the gentlemen? Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza but hey look if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff is it cheaper you'd think wouldn't you miss okay I will have the side salad and what would that be on the side of I don't know why don't you just put it right here next to my water And for you? I'm going to have a cup of the cucumber soup and take care. I will have the Cajun catfish. Anything else? Yes, how about a verse of Killing Me Soft? Everyone owes 28 bucks. Everyone? Oh, you're right. I'm sorry. Thank you. It's Monica's big night. She shouldn't pay. Thank you. So five of us is $33.50 apiece. No, no way. Sorry, not going to happen. Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback. Sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted but cold cucumber mush for 30 something bucks No Rachel just had that salad and Joey with his like teeny pizza How about we'll each we'll each just pay for what we have Okay, it's no big deal for you What's going on okay look you guys I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everybody uncomfortable You can tell us yeah, hello, it's us all right, we'll be fine. Yeah Okay, um... We three feel like that, um... Sometimes you guys don't get that, uh... We don't have as much money as you. Okay. I hear you. We can talk about that. Well, then, let's... Well, I guess I just never think of money as an issue. That's because you have it. That's a good point. So, um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before? 'Cause it's always something, you know? Like with Monica's new job or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla. What? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative... There's gonna be a hoopla? Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing, and it's... If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift. Gift? The thing's not the gift? No, the thing was, we were going to go see Hootie and the Blowfish. Hootie and... Oh, my... I can catch them on the radio. No, now I feel bad. You want to go to the concert? No. Look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together. All of us. Together. Not at the concert. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah. So the Ebola virus, that's got to suck, huh?