Speaker 0: -Hey. So this isn't matching up with this, and I'm not sure which one's right. Can you just hunt down the original for me? -Yes. Me do. Alright.
Speaker 2: Hey, Kev, what were you saying before about the paperwork?
Speaker 3: Me do it now.
Speaker 3: Go. Stop worry.
Speaker 4: Kevin,
Speaker 3: do you feel okay? Me feel good. Body strong.
Speaker 4: Sleep big last night. Yeah, I think we should get him to the hospital. Yeah. Alright, Kevin. Why don't you come with us? No. Guys. He's fine. He's fine. He's always been like that. No, he hasn't.
Speaker 0: I mean, he's gotten worse over the years. He's making a statement. It's an ironic comment on our expectations of him.
Speaker 0: A fun house image
Speaker 0: of our model of Kevin. You keep think that.
Speaker 5: Me mechanic not speak English,
Speaker 5: but he know what me mean when me say car no go, and we best friends.
Speaker 5: So me think, why waste time say lot word when few word do trick?
Speaker 5: Kevin, I appreciate what you're trying to do. Thank.
Speaker 5: Here, we have a word code,
Speaker 5: the same way we have a dress code. And what we're talking about is
Speaker 5: basically the speech equivalent
Speaker 5: to just wearing underpants.
Speaker 5: Sometimes words
Speaker 5: you know need use,
Speaker 5: but need need for talk talk. But save time,
Speaker 2: more success. Does it save time though? Because we've been here for about an hour. No me fault.
Speaker 4: Kevin,
Speaker 4: at most you're saving a microscopic
Speaker 4: amount of time.
Speaker 5: Many small time make big time.
Speaker 5: And what are you going to do with all this time? Sea world. Kevin, you can't possibly save enough time to see the world. Kevin, are you saying see the world or sea world? Sea world,
Speaker 1: oceans,
Speaker 1: fish,
Speaker 0: jump Okay. China.
Speaker 2: No, see? Right there,
Speaker 2: that's the problem with your method because I still don't know if you're saying sea world or sea the world and it's taking a lot of time to explain it.
Speaker 5: Fine.
Speaker 5: Fine. I'll talk normally.
Speaker 1: When me, president,
Speaker 1: they see.
Speaker 1: They see.