Speaker speaker_0: Welcome,   everyone.   Thank   you   for   standing   by   for   the   Alphabet   First   Quarter   twenty   twenty-six   earnings   conference   call.   At   this   time,   all   participants   are   in   a   listen-only   mode.   After   the   speaker   presentation,   there   will   be   a   question-and-answer   session.   To   ask   a   question   during   the   session,   you   will   need   to   press   star   one   on   your   telephone.   I   would   now   like   to   hand   the   conference   over   to   your   speaker   today,   Jim   Friedland,   Head   of   Investor   Relations.   Please   go   ahead.  
Speaker speaker_1: Thank   you.   Good   afternoon,   everyone,   and   welcome   to   Alphabet's   first   quarter   twenty   twenty-six   earnings   conference   call.   With   us   today   are   Sundar   Pichai,   Philipp   Schindler,   and   Anat   Ashkenazi.   Now,   I'll   quickly   cover   the   safe   harbor.   Some   of   the   statements   that   we   make   today   regarding   our   business,   operations,   and   financial   performance   may   be   considered   forward-looking.   Such   statements   are   based   on   current   expectations   and   assumptions   that   are   subject   to   a   number   of   risks   and   uncertainties.   Actual   results   could   differ   materially.   Please   refer   to   our   forms   ten-K   and   ten-Q,   including   the   risk   factors.   We   undertake   no   obligation   to   update   any   forward-looking   statement.   During   this   call,   we   will   present   both   GAAP   and   non-GAAP   financial   measures.   A   reconciliation   of   non-GAAP   to   GAAP   measures   is   included   in   today's   earnings   press   release,   which   is   distributed   and   available   to   the   public   through   our   investor   relations   website   located   at   abc.xyz/investor.   Our   comments   will   be   on   year-over-year   comparisons   unless   we   state   otherwise.   And   now,   I'll   turn   the   call   over   to   Sundar.  
Speaker speaker_2: Thanks,   Jim.   Hi,   everyone,   and   thanks   for   joining   us   today.   It   was   a   terrific   quarter   for   Alphabet.   Our   momentum   was   on   full   display   at   Cloud   Next   last   week,   and   the   month   of   May   brings   even   more   with   I/O,   Brandcast,   and   GML.   I   hope   you've   tuned   in   to   see   our   progress.   It's   clear   that   our   AI   investments   and   full-stack   approach   are   driving   performance   across   our   business.   In   Search   and   Other,   revenue   grew   nineteen   percent.   People   love   our   AI   experiences   like   AI   Mode   and   AI   Overviews,   and   they're   coming   back   to   search   more.   Cloud   accelerated   again   this   quarter   due   to   strong   demand   for   our   AI   products   and   infrastructure.   Revenue   grew   sixty-three   percent,   exceeding   twenty   billion   dollars   for   the   first   time,   and   our   backlog   nearly   doubled   quarter   on   quarter   to   over   four   hundred   and   sixty   billion   dollars.   Gemini   Enterprise   is   seeing   tremendous   momentum   with   forty   percent   growth   quarter   over   quarter   in   paid   monthly   active   users.   In   subscriptions,   this   was   the   strongest   quarter   ever   for   our   consumer   AI   plans,   primarily   driven   by   adoption   of   the   Gemini   app.   Overall,   the   number   of   paid   subscriptions   has   now   reached   three   hundred   and   fifty   million,   with   YouTube   and   Google   One   being   the   key   drivers.   And   our   AI   models   have   great   momentum.   Our   first-party   models   now   process   more   than   sixteen   billion   tokens   per   minute   via   direct   API   use   by   our   customers,   up   from   ten   billion   last   quarter.   Today,   I'll   share   our   progress   across   AI   full   stack,   then   Search   and   Cloud,   followed   by   YouTube   and   other   bets.   Starting   with   our   AI   infrastructure,   it's   the   foundation   of   our   full-stack   approach   to   AI,   driving   customer   growth   and   product   adoption.   Our   custom   TPUs,   Axion   CPUs,   and   the   latest   NVIDIA   GPUs   continue   to   form   the   industry's   widest   variety   of   compute   options.   NVIDIA   GPUs   are   a   core   part   of   our   AI   accelerator   portfolio   and   will   be   among   the   first   to   offer   NVIDIA   Vera   Rubin   NVL   seventy-two   in   addition   to   the   Blackwell   and   Hopper-based   instances   already   available.   At   Cloud   Next,   we   introduced   our   eighth-generation   TPUs,   individually   specialized   for   training   and   serving   and   able   to   take   on   the   most   demanding   agentic   workloads.   TPU   8T   provides   high-performance   model   training   with   three   times   the   processing   power   of   Ironwood   and   two   times   the   performance.   TPU   8I   delivers   cost-effective,   low-latency   inference   with   eighty   percent   better   performance   per   dollar   than   the   prior   generation.   This   exceptional   infrastructure   powers   our   world-class   AI   research.   That   includes   models   and   tooling,   which   continue   to   progress   really   well.   Gemini   three   point   one   Pro   continues   to   push   the   frontier   in   reasoning,   multimodal   understanding,   and   cost.   We   have   quickly   expanded   the   Gemini   three   point   one   series   of   models   to   offer   more   choices   for   developers,   including   our   cost-efficient   Flash   models.   Three   point   one   Flash   Live,   our   latest   audio   model,   has   improved   precision   and   reasoning,   making   voice   interactions   more   natural   and   intuitive.   It's   now   powering   conversational   features   in   Search   and   the   Gemini   app.   Speech-to-text   is   now   available   in   seventy   languages.   And   with   three   point   one   Pro,   our   deep   research   agent   got   a   big   upgrade,   including   MCP   support   and   native   visualizations.   Our   generative   media   models   are   incredibly   popular.   Lyria   three   has   generated   over   one   hundred   and   fifty   million   songs   since   launching   on   the   Gemini   app.   NanoBanana   two   reached   one   billion   images   in   nearly   half   the   time   of   NanoBanana   one.   And   Veo   three   point   one   Lite   is   our   most   cost-efficient   video   model   to   date.   On   top   of   this,   we   launched   Gemini   four,   our   most   intelligent   open   model.   It's   been   downloaded   over   fifty   million   times   in   just   a   few   weeks.   In   fact,   our   open   models   have   now   been   downloaded   over   five   hundred   million   times.   Looking   ahead,   we   are   focused   on   pushing   the   next   frontiers   of   foundation   models,   including   intelligence,   agents,   and   agentic   coding.   And   we   are   using   the   latest   technologies   to   transform   how   we   work   as   a   company.   For   example,   with   anti-gravity,   we   are   shifting   to   truly   agentic   workflows.   Our   engineers   are   now   orchestrating   fully   autonomous   digital   task   forces   and   building   at   a   faster   velocity.   Much   more   to   come   here.Next,   we   are   bringing   helpful   AI   into   the   hands   of   billions   of   people   every   day   through   our   products   and   platforms.   Earlier   this   year,   we   introduced   personal   intelligence,   which   helps   people   get   more   personalized   and   helpful   responses.   It's   now   in   the   Gemini   app,   AI   mode,   and   Gemini   in   Chrome.   Early   traction   has   been   good,   and   this   month   we   integrated   Nano   Banana   2   to   make   personalized   image   creation   possible   in   the   Gemini   app.   Maps   recently   got   its   most   significant   upgrade   in   over   a   decade   with   Gemini.   Users   can   now   have   a   conversation   with   Maps   and   get   more   personalized   suggestions   and   intuitive   directions.   And   the   Pixel   10A   launched   to   positive   reviews,   providing   the   best   of   Google's   AI   features   like   Gemini   Live   and   AI-powered   camera   features.   Turning   to   search,   AI   continues   to   drive   search   usage,   and   queries   are   at   an   all-time   high.   We   continue   to   invest   in   improvements   to   AI   overviews,   which   are   driving   overall   search   growth,   and   we're   also   seeing   strong   growth   in   both   users   and   usage   of   AI   mode   globally.   Personal   intelligence   expanded   broadly   in   the   US,   and   we   are   seeing   people   ask   more   personal   questions   and   getting   responses   that   are   uniquely   relevant   to   them.   We   also   shipped   agentic   experiences   like   restaurant   booking   to   new   countries   and   new   multimodal   capabilities   like   Search   Live   globally.   We   are   also   continuing   to   improve   efficiency   and   speed.   Even   as   we   have   brought   new   AI   features   into   our   results   page,   we   have   reduced   search   latency   by   more   than   thirty-five   percent   over   the   past   five   years.   And   since   upgrading   AI   overviews   and   AI   mode   to   Gemini   III,   we   have   reduced   the   cost   of   core   AI   responses   by   more   than   thirty   percent   thanks   to   continued   hardware   and   engineering   breakthroughs.   We   are   excited   to   share   more   about   search   at   I/O.   Now   over   to   Google   Cloud.   Google   Cloud   is   differentiated   because   we   are   the   only   provider   to   offer   first-party   solutions   across   the   entire   enterprise   AI   stack.   Our   growth   in   revenue,   operating   margin,   and   backlog   highlights   this   differentiation.   Our   enterprise   AI   solutions   have   become   our   primary   growth   driver   for   cloud   for   the   first   time.   In   Q1,   revenue   from   products   built   on   our   GenAI   models   grew   nearly   eight   hundred   percent   year   over   year.   We   are   winning   new   customers   faster   with   new   customer   acquisition   doubling   compared   to   the   same   period   last   year.   We   are   seeing   strong   deal   momentum,   doubling   the   number   of   one   hundred   million   to   one   billion   dollar   deals   year   on   year   and   signing   multiple   billion-dollar-plus   deals.   And   we   are   deepening   relationships   with   existing   customers.   Customers   outpaced   their   initial   commitments   by   forty-five   percent,   accelerating   over   last   quarter.   At   Cloud   Next   last   week,   we   introduced   hundreds   of   new   capabilities   across   our   vertically   optimized   AI   stack   that   are   designed   to   work   together   for   our   enterprise   customers.   We   introduced   a   new   Gemini   Enterprise   agent   platform   that   empowers   users   to   build,   orchestrate,   govern,   and   optimize   agents   with   the   controls   that   enterprise   customers   need.   Along   with   new   capabilities   in   Gemini   Enterprise   app   like   Projects,   Canvas,   long-running   agents,   and   Skills,   every   employee   can   build   agents.   In   Q1,   Gemini   Enterprise   paid   monthly   active   users   grew   forty   percent   quarter   over   quarter.   That   includes   major   global   brands   like   Bosch,   Citywealth,   Merck,   and   Mars   Incorporated.   Our   partner   ecosystem   plays   an   increasingly   critical   role   in   driving   Gemini   enterprise   adoption.   We   saw   9X   year-over-year   growth,   both   in   seats   sold   with   partners   and   in   the   number   of   partners   adopting   it   for   internal   use.   This   momentum   is   leading   to   accelerating   usage   of   our   models.   Over   the   past   twelve   months,   three   hundred   and   thirty   Google   Cloud   customers   each   processed   over   one   trillion   tokens.   Thirty-five   reached   the   ten   trillion   token   milestone.   To   give   agents   business   context   from   enterprise   data   to   help   them   reason   intelligently,   we   introduced   a   new   agentic   Data   Cloud.   It   includes   a   cross-cloud   lakehouse,   knowledge   catalog,   and   deep   research   agents,   which   combine   research   and   analytical   skills.   As   an   example,   using   our   Data   Cloud,   American   Express   is   enabling   agentic   commerce   at   scale   by   moving   an   enterprise   data   platform   along   with   hundreds   of   production   applications   to   BigQuery.   Vodafone   is   proactively   resolving   outages,   automating   network   planning,   and   precisely   targeting   capacity.   Enterprise   data   has   become   critical   for   agents   to   reason.   Our   strength   with   BigQuery   and   Gemini   Enterprise   has   led   Gemini-powered   workflows   in   BigQuery   to   grow   over   30X   year   over   year.   As   cybersecurity   threats   from   the   use   of   AI   models   accelerate,   our   expertise   in   AI   and   cybersecurity   is   driving   strong   demand   for   our   agentic   defense   offerings.   In   March,   we   closed   the   acquisition   of   Viz,   a   leading   cloud   and   security   AI   platform,   which   is   an   incredible   fit   for   the   moment   we   are   in.   We   have   seen   tremendous   interest   from   customers   in   our   unique   cybersecurity   and   AI   products   and   services   to   protect   their   IT   estate.   The   performance   of   this   so   far   has   exceeded   our   expectations.   Together   with   Google's   threat   intelligence,   security   operations,   and   AI   models,   Viz   is   helping   organizations   detect,   prevent,   and   respond   to   threats.   We   introduced   new   Gemini-powered   agents   for   threat   detection,   continuous   red   teaming,   and   automated   remediation   to   protect   software   code   and   cloud   systems.Customers   like   Deloitte,   Priceline,   and   Shell   are   using   our   agentic   defense   to   strengthen   their   security   posture.   All   of   this   is   powered   by   the   AI   infrastructure   I   mentioned   earlier.   Our   TPUs   continue   our   leadership   in   performance,   cost,   and   power   efficiency   for   customers   like   Thinking   Machines   Lab,   Hudson   River   Trading,   and   Boston   Dynamics.   As   TPU   demand   grows   from   AI   labs,   capital   markets   firms,   and   high-performance   computing   applications,   we'll   begin   to   deliver   TPUs   to   a   select   group   of   customers   in   their   own   data   centers   in   a   hardware   configuration   to   expand   our   addressable   market   opportunity.   Turning   to   YouTube,   where   our   momentum   continues.   In   the   living   room,   US   viewers   are   watching   over   two   hundred   million   hours   of   YouTube   content   daily.   And   as   of   March,   we   have   reached   a   new   milestone   with   over   ten   million   channels   now   publishing   Shorts   each   day.   This   level   of   daily   activity   is   a   testament   to   how   people   enjoy   this   content   and   how   we   made   it   easier   for   creators.   And   in   Q1,   our   YouTube   Music   and   Premium   offering   saw   its   largest   quarterly   increase   in   the   total   number   of   non-trial   subscribers,   both   globally   and   in   the   US,   since   YouTube   Premium   launched   in   June   twenty   eighteen.   I   hope   you're   tuned   into   Brandcast   on   May   thirteenth.   Moving   to   other   bets.   Waymo's   on   a   great   trajectory.   It   launched   in   Nashville   a   few   weeks   ago.   That   makes   six   new   cities   so   far   in   twenty   twenty-six   and   operations   in   eleven   major   US   cities   in   total.   Waymo   also   surpassed   five   hundred   thousand   fully   autonomous   rides   per   week,   doubling   in   less   than   a   year.   Wing   continues   to   expand   across   the   US   in   partnership   with   Walmart   and   DoorDash   and   announced   plans   to   operate   in   the   Bay   Area.   In   summary,   a   terrific   start   to   the   year   with   so   many   great   opportunities   ahead.   We   are   not   slowing   down.   Huge   thanks   to   all   of   our   employees   and   our   partners.   See   you   at   I/O   on   May   nineteenth.   Philipp,   over   to   you.  
Speaker speaker_3: Thanks,   Sundar,   and   hello,   everyone.   As   usual,   I   start   with   the   performance   of   Google   Services   and   then   cover   the   progress   we're   delivering   across   Search,   YouTube,   and   partnerships.   Google   Services   revenues   were   ninety   billion   for   the   quarter,   up   sixteen   percent   year   on   year,   primarily   driven   by   the   continued   growth   of   Search.   Adding   some   further   color   to   our   results.   Search   and   Other   delivered   nineteen   percent   growth,   primarily   driven   by   retail   and   finance.   YouTube   advertising   revenues   grew   eleven   percent,   driven   by   direct   response   followed   by   brand.   And   network   advertising   revenues   were   down   four   percent   year   on   year.   Starting   with   Search   and   Other   revenues,   which   delivered   sixty   billion   in   revenue   for   the   quarter.   We   are   accelerating   the   deployment   of   Gemini   across   our   entire   ads   infrastructure   to   help   businesses   reach   more   customers   in   more   places   than   ever   before.   This   is   driving   significant   improvements   across   all   areas   of   marketing   and   continues   to   fuel   new   performance   breakthroughs   across   three   areas   critical   for   our   customers'   success:   ads   quality,   advertiser   tools,   and   new   AI   user   experiences.   First,   ads   quality.   AI   is   boosting   our   ability   to   deeply   understand   user   intent   for   a   given   search   query   and   to   find   the   most   relevant   ad.   Even   when   we   don't   have   a   direct   user   query,   we're   making   significant   strides   in   improving   relevance.   In   Discover,   new   AI   models   and   classifiers   are   driving   higher   relevance   by   better   aligning   ads   with   unique   user   interests.   In   Maps,   we're   using   Gemini   to   ensure   promoted   pins   are   deeply   relevant   to   a   user's   surroundings,   location   of   interest,   history,   and   intent.   This   work   is   improving   ads   relevance   by   nearly   ten   percent,   leading   to   significant   increase   in   user   engagement.   We're   pairing   this   strengthened   prediction-driven   relevance   with   bottom-of-funnel   precision.   Over   the   past   year,   we've   made   over   twenty   improvements   to   Search   and   Shopping   bid   strategies.   Smart   Bidding   now   uses   Gemini   to   match   user   intent   to   an   advertiser's   product   and   services   more   accurately   and   further   drive   performance.   This   level   of   granularity   was   previously   impossible   to   achieve   at   scale.   Second,   on   advertiser   tools,   where   Gemini   helps   advertisers   drive   more   efficient   and   effective   campaigns.   People   no   longer   search   in   fragments.   They   search   conversationally   and   share   more   context.   We   launched   AI   Max   to   help   advertisers   adapt   to   this   new   way   of   searching,   and   earlier   this   month,   it   moved   out   of   beta   with   improved   performance   quality   across   targeting   and   creative   capabilities.   Take   Hilton   EMEA.   They   captured   one-third   more   clicks   for   a   fifth   of   the   spend   while   simultaneously   increasing   the   average   booking   value   by   fifty-five   percent.   And   Etsy   saw   a   ten   percent   search   volume   uplift   with   fifteen   percent   of   those   queries   being   net   new   to   their   business.   We   see   significant   opportunity   as   advertisers   continue   to   make   good   progress   on   AI   readiness   and   the   adoption   of   AI   tools.   For   instance,   more   than   thirty   percent   of   our   customer   search   spend   now   uses   AI-enabled   campaigns,   AI   Max,   or   Performance   Max,   and   these   advertisers   are   seeing   more   conversion   for   the   same   spend.   Third,   how   we   monetize   new   AI   user   experiences   in   Search.   We   aren't   just   bringing   existing   ad   formats   into   AI   experiences.   We   are   reinventing   ads   for   this   new   era.   Direct   offers   in   AI   mode   are   resonating   with   users   and   continue   to   receive   positive   customer   feedback.   Gap,   L'Oréal,   and   Chewy   are   just   some   of   the   latest   partners   who   have   now   signed   up   to   test   this   Google   Ads   pilot.   We're   also   exploring   new   formats   for   retailers.   AI   mode   already   surfaces   organic   product   recommendations   based   on   a   user's   query,   and   we're   now   testing   a   new   ad   format   that   displays   retailers   who   sell   those   recommended   products.   In   addition,   the   retail   industry   is   rapidly   coalescing   around   the   open   source   Universal   Commerce   Protocol,   or   UCP,   we   launched   in   January   in   partnership   with   the   ecosystem.   Last   week,   we   welcomed   Amazon,   Meta,   Microsoft,   Salesforce,   and   Stripe   as   new   members   to   the   UCP   Tech   Council.They   joined   founding   members   Shopify,   Etsy,   Target,   Wayfair,   and   Google   to   further   accelerate   the   transition   towards   an   agentic   future.   Partners   like   Sephora   and   Macy's   have   joined   companies   like   Ulta   Beauty,   who   are   already   rolling   out   UCP   and   can   now   redefine   consumer   journeys   from   discovery   to   checkout.   Ulta   Beauty   just   last   week   launched   agentic   commerce   within   AI   mode   and   Search   and   the   Gemini   app.   Shoppers   can   now   review   product   recommendations,   compare   options,   and   complete   streamlined   checkout   for   eligible   purchases   directly   within   AI   mode   and   Gemini.   Turning   to   YouTube,   which   now   has   led   streaming   watch   time   in   the   US   for   three   consecutive   years.   We're   in   an   unmatched   position   to   connect   brands   with   the   audiences   they   care   about   in   the   moment   they   engage   in.   We're   applying   Gemini   to   drive   better   matching   and   discovery   between   brands   and   creators   of   all   sizes.   Gemini   now   powers   YouTube   Creator   Partnerships,   a   centralized   platform   integrated   directly   into   YouTube   Studio   for   creators   and   Google   Ads   for   advertisers.   We've   also   made   it   easier   to   buy   premium   ad   space   in   top-tier   podcast   shows   by   curating   the   most-watched   podcasts   into   popular   genres.   For   example,   Supergoop   partnered   with   YouTube   creator   Liza   Koshy   on   a   multi-format   shorts   and   long-form   CTV   campaign,   resulting   in   a   ninety-three   percent   lift   for   their   Glow   Screen   product   and   a   fifty-five   percent   overall   brand   lift.   Looking   at   monetization   across   YouTube,   momentum   continues   in   Shorts   and   the   living   room,   and   Demand   Gen   continues   to   drive   momentum   in   direct   response,   in   particular   with   smaller   advertisers.   Brand   too   is   benefiting   from   growth   in   the   living   room,   where   we   continue   to   scale   creator   brand   deals.   YouTube   subscriptions   revenue   continues   to   grow   faster   than   ads,   particularly   YouTube   Music   and   Premium.   By   the   end   of   Q1,   YouTube   Premium   Lite   was   fully   launched   in   twenty-three   countries,   and   we   plan   to   launch   in   more   than   a   dozen   new   countries   in   Q2.   As   always,   I'll   wrap   with   the   progress   we're   seeing   across   partnerships.   Retailers   are   increasingly   looking   to   Google   to   support   their   AI   transformation.   This   quarter,   Kingfisher,   Target,   and   Wayfair   closed   significant   multi-year   cloud   and   ads   deals.   Combined   with   the   implementation   of   UCP,   these   partnerships   will   help   deliver   personalized   AI-driven   agentic   experiences   from   discovery   to   checkout.   In   closing,   I'd   like   to   thank   Googlers   everywhere   for   their   contributions   to   our   success   and,   as   always,   our   customers   and   partners   for   their   continued   trust.   Anat,   over   to   you.  
Speaker speaker_4: Thank   you,   Philipp.   My   comments   will   focus   on   year-over-year   comparisons   for   the   first   quarter,   unless   I   state   otherwise.   I   will   start   with   results   at   the   Alphabet   level   and   will   then   cover   our   segment   results.   I'll   end   with   some   commentary   on   our   outlook   for   the   second   quarter   and   full   year   twenty   twenty-six.   We   had   an   outstanding   first   quarter,   delivering   our   eleventh   consecutive   quarter   of   double-digit   revenue   growth.   Consolidated   revenue   reached   a   hundred   and   nine-point-nine   billion   dollars,   up   twenty-two   percent   or   nineteen   percent   in   constant   currency.   Total   cost   of   revenue   was   forty-one-point-three   billion   dollars,   up   fourteen   percent.   Tech   was   fifteen-point-two   billion,   up   eleven   percent.   Other   cost   of   revenues   was   twenty-six   billion,   up   fifteen   percent,   primarily   driven   by   increases   in   depreciation,   content   acquisition   costs,   largely   for   YouTube,   and   compensation.   Total   operating   expenses   were   up   twenty-four   percent   to   twenty-eight-point-nine   billion   dollars.   R&D   expenses   increased   by   twenty-six   percent,   driven   by   compensation   due   to   investment   in   AI   talent   as   well   as   depreciation.   Sales   and   marketing   expenses   were   up   twenty-three   percent,   driven   primarily   by   marketing   investments   to   support   the   Gemini   app   and   Search   as   well   as   compensation.   And   G&A   expenses   increased   twenty-one   percent,   primarily   due   to   an   increase   in   compensation   and   costs   related   to   legal   and   other   matters.   Operating   income   increased   thirty   percent   to   thirty-nine-point-seven   billion   dollars,   and   operating   margin   was   thirty-six-point-one   percent.   Other   income   and   expenses   was   thirty-seven-point-seven   billion   dollars,   representing   a   meaningful   increase   from   the   prior   year,   primarily   due   to   unrealized   gains   in   our   non-marketable   equity   securities   portfolio.   Net   income   increased   eighty-one   percent   to   sixty-two-point-six   billion   dollars,   and   earnings   per   share   increased   eighty-two   percent   to   five   dollars   and   eleven   cents.   We   generated   operating   cash   flow   of   forty-five-point-eight   billion   dollars   in   the   first   quarter   and   a   hundred   and   seventy-four-point-four   billion   for   the   trailing   twelve   months.   CapEx   was   thirty-five-point-seven   billion   in   the   first   quarter,   with   the   overwhelming   majority   of   the   spend   in   technical   infrastructure   to   support   the   AI   opportunities   we   see   across   the   company.   Approximately   sixty   percent   of   our   investment   in   technical   infrastructure   this   quarter   was   in   servers   and   forty   percent   was   in   data   centers   and   networking   equipment.   Free   cash   flow   was   ten-point-one   billion   in   the   first   quarter   and   sixty-four-point-four   billion   for   the   trailing   twelve   months.   We   ended   the   quarter   with   a   hundred   and   twenty-six-point-eight   billion   in   cash   and   marketable   securities   and   seventy-seven-point-five   billion   in   long-term   debt.   And   as   we   announced   today,   our   board   of   directors   declared   a   five   percent   increase   in   the   quarterly   dividend.   Turning   to   segment   results,   Google   services   revenues   increased   sixteen   percent   to   eighty-nine-point-six   billion   dollars,   reflecting   strong   growth   in   Search   and   subscriptions.   Google   services   revenues   also   benefited   from   a   strong   FX   tailwind.   Google   Search   and   other   advertising   revenues   increased   by   nineteen   percent   to   sixty-point-four   billion   dollars,   driven   by   growth   in   the   retail   and   financial   services   verticals.   YouTube   advertising   revenues   increased   eleven   percent   to   nine-point-nine   billion   dollars,   driven   by   direct   response   advertising   as   well   as   brand.   Network   advertising   revenues   of   seven   billion   dollars   were   down   four   percent.Subscription   platforms   and   devices   revenues   increased   nineteen   percent   this   quarter   to   twelve   point   four   billion   dollars   due   to   strong   growth   in   both   YouTube   subscriptions,   particularly   in   YouTube   Music   and   Premium,   and   Google   One   subscriptions,   which   benefit   from   increased   demand   for   AI   plans.   Google   Services   operating   income   increased   twenty-four   percent   to   forty   point   six   billion   dollars,   and   operating   margin   was   forty-five   point   three   percent.   The   Google   Cloud   segment   delivered   outstanding   results   in   the   first   quarter.   Cloud   revenues   accelerated   across   all   key   areas   and   were   up   sixty-three   percent   to   twenty   billion   dollars.   Revenue   growth   was   driven   by   strong   performance   in   GCP,   which   continued   to   grow   at   a   rate   that   was   much   higher   than   Cloud's   overall   revenue   growth   rate.   The   largest   contributor   to   Cloud's   growth   this   quarter   was   AI   solutions,   driven   by   strong   demand   for   our   industry-leading   models,   including   Gemini   Three.   In   addition,   we   had   strong   growth   in   AI   infrastructure   due   to   continued   deployment   of   TPUs   and   GPUs,   and   core   GCP   continues   to   be   a   sizable   contributor,   driven   by   demand   for   infrastructure   and   other   services   such   as   cybersecurity   and   data   analytics.   Workspace   again   delivers   strong   double-digit   revenue   growth,   driven   by   an   increase   in   the   number   of   seats   and   the   average   revenue   per   seat.   Cloud   operating   income   was   six   point   six   billion   dollars,   tripling   year   over   year,   and   operating   margin   increased   from   seventeen   point   eight   percent   in   the   first   quarter   of   last   year   to   thirty-two   point   nine   percent.   Google   Cloud's   backlog   nearly   doubled   sequentially,   reaching   four   hundred   and   sixty-two   billion   dollars   at   the   end   of   the   first   quarter.   The   increase   was   driven   by   strong   demand   for   enterprise   AI   offerings   and   the   inclusion   of   TPU   hardware   sales   that   Sundar   referenced   earlier.   The   majority   of   the   backlog   is   related   to   typical   GCP   contracts,   and   we   expect   to   recognize   just   over   fifty   percent   of   the   backlog   as   revenue   over   the   next   twenty-four   months.   In   Other   Bets,   revenues   were   four   hundred   and   eleven   million   dollars,   and   operating   loss   was   two   point   one   billion   dollars.   For   the   past   few   years,   we   have   been   working   to   prioritize   our   efforts   and   investments   in   the   Other   Bets.   In   Q1   of   this   year,   Verily   completed   an   external   capital   raise   that   resulted   in   its   deconsolidation   from   Alphabet.   G   Fiber   announced   plans   to   combine   with   Astound   Broadband,   which   will   result   in   its   deconsolidation   from   Alphabet   when   the   deal   closes,   which   we   expect   to   take   place   in   Q4.   And   we   continue   to   allocate   significant   resources   to   businesses   where   we   see   meaningful   opportunities   to   create   value,   such   as   Waymo.   Turning   to   our   outlook,   I   would   like   to   provide   some   commentary   on   factors   that   will   impact   our   business   performance   in   the   second   quarter   and   full   year   twenty   twenty-six.   First,   in   terms   of   revenues,   we're   pleased   with   the   overall   momentum   of   the   business.   At   current   spot   rates,   we   would   expect   to   see   an   FX   tailwind   of   approximately   one   percentage   point   to   our   consolidated   revenue   in   Q2   compared   to   a   three   percentage   points   FX   tailwind   in   the   first   quarter.   In   Google   Cloud,   as   Sundar   mentioned,   we   will   begin   to   deliver   TPU   hardware   to   a   select   group   of   customers   in   their   own   data   centers.   We   expect   to   begin   recognizing   a   small   percent   of   the   revenues   from   these   agreements   later   this   year,   with   the   vast   majority   of   revenues   to   be   realized   in   twenty   twenty-seven.   It   is   important   to   keep   in   mind   that   revenues   from   TPU   hardware   sales   will   fluctuate   from   quarter   to   quarter,   depending   on   when   TPUs   are   shipped   to   customers.   And   finally,   we're   excited   to   welcome   the   Wiz   team   to   Google   Cloud   with   the   closing   of   the   acquisition   in   March   and   are   very   pleased   with   the   performance   to   date.   A   couple   of   items   to   highlight   related   to   the   acquisition.   First,   Wiz   will   be   reported   in   the   Google   Cloud   segment.   And   second,   we   expect   a   low   single-digit   percentage   point   headwind   to   Cloud's   operating   margin   for   the   remainder   of   twenty   twenty-six   related   to   the   acquisition.   Moving   to   investment,   we   are   updating   our   full-year   twenty   twenty-six   CapEx   guidance   range   to   a   hundred   and   eighty   to   a   hundred   and   ninety   billion,   up   from   our   previous   estimate   of   a   hundred   and   seventy-five   to   a   hundred   and   eighty-five   billion,   to   now   include   investment   related   to   the   acquisition   of   Intersect,   which   closed   in   March.   We   are   seeing   unprecedented   internal   and   external   demand   for   AI   compute   resources.   The   investments   we   are   making   in   AI   is   delivering   strong   growth,   as   evidenced   by   the   record   revenue   and   backlog   growth   in   Google   Cloud   and   strong   performance   in   Google   Services.   Looking   ahead,   these   strong   results   reinforce   our   conviction   to   invest   the   capital   required   to   continue   to   capture   the   AI   opportunity.   As   a   result,   we   expect   our   twenty   twenty-seven   CapEx   to   significantly   increase   compared   to   twenty   twenty-six.   In   terms   of   expenses,   as   we've   discussed   previously,   the   significant   increase   in   our   investment   in   technical   infrastructure   will   continue   to   put   pressure   on   the   P&L   in   the   form   of   higher   depreciation   expense   and   related   data   center   operations   costs   such   as   energy.   We   also   expect   to   continue   hiring   in   key   investment   areas   such   as   AI   and   Cloud   and   are   investing   in   marketing   to   support   our   AI   products.   To   conclude,   Q1   was   an   outstanding   quarter   for   Alphabet,   and   our   teams   continue   to   execute   with   high   level   of   discipline   and   velocity,   delivering   amazing   innovation.   We   look   forward   to   sharing   more   in   the   coming   weeks   at   I/O,   Google   Marketing   Live,   and   Braincast.   I   want   to   take   this   opportunity   to   thank   our   employees   for   their   contributions   to   our   performance.   Sundar,   Philip,   and   I   will   now   take   your   questions.   Thank   you.   As   a   reminder,   to   ask   a   question,   you   will   need   to   press   star   one   on   your   telephone.   To   prevent   any   background   noise,   we   ask   that   you   please   mute   your   line   once   your   question   has   been   stated.   Your   first   question   comes   from   Brian   Nowak   with   Morgan   Stanley.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_5: Thanks   for   taking   my   questions.   I,   I   have   two.   The,   the   first   one,   uh,   Sundar,   on   a,   on   a   recent   podcast,   you,   you   talked   about   how   you   were   acutely   constrained   on   compute,   something   you,   you   focused   on   almost   every   week   to   sort   of   make   sure   you're   deploying   capacity   correctly.
Speaker speaker_6: So   let   me   ask   you   this.   If   you   sort   of   look   at   the,   the   Search   business,   what   are   the   areas   that   you   are   most   excited   about   applying   next-generation   compute   toward   to   sort   of   generate   an   ROIC   on   that,   on   that   return   in   Search   in   the   next   twelve   months?   And   then   the   second   one   is   on   the,   the   sale   of   the,   the   TPUs   to,   to   third   parties.   Just   can   you   help   us   philosophically   understand   the   strategy   around   pricing   them,   given   the,   the   high   ROIC   of   using   TPUs   to   power   multi-year   Google   Cloud   workloads   a   little   bit?   Thanks.  
Speaker speaker_2: Thanks,   Brian.   Um,   I'll   take,   I'll   take   the   Search   one   first.   Uh,   you   know,   obviously   you've   seen,   uh,   we   are   taking   advantage   of   all   our   investments   in,   uh,   building,   uh,   the   Gemini   models   and   both   obviously   applying   it   in   Search   and,   uh,   the   Gemini   app,   um,   driving   innovations   in   AI   Overviews   and   AI   mode,   and   they're   all,   uh,   contributing,   uh,   to   the   increased   usage   of   the   product.   I   do   think   looking   ahead,   uh,   a-across,   across   both   these   surfaces,   uh,   you   know,   there   is,   there   is   a   massive   opportunity   to   go   deeper   in   what   we   do   for   our   users.   I   think,   uh,   you   know,   bringing   agentic   flows,   workflows   to   consumers,   uh,   in   a   way   that   it's   easy   for,   for   them   to   do,   uh,   including   in   the   context   of   Search,   I   see   as   a   huge   opportunity   ahead.   And   obviously   we   are   in   very,   very   early   innings   of   all   that   and,   uh...   But   our   investments   in,   in,   in,   in   our   full   stack   of   AI   approach,   I   think,   uh,   puts   us   in   a   good   position   to   bring   those   experiences   to   Search,   and   I'm   pretty   excited   about   it.   On   the   second   question   around,   uh,   around,   around   TPUs,   uh,   you   know,   obviously,   you   know,   I   would--   we   do   think   about   it   as,   uh,   you   know,   what   are   we   doing,   uh,   through   Google   Cloud,   uh,   to   help   our   customers?   And,   you   know,   that's   the   framework   with   which   we   think   about   it.   Uh,   in   that   context,   uh,   you   know,   there   are   situations   where,   uh,   it   makes   sense.   Uh,   for   example,   you   take   customers   like   capital   markets,   where   they're   running   this,   um,   you   know,   um,   highly   performant,   uh,   you   know,   AI   workloads.   Uh,   they   wanted,   uh,   you   know,   TPUs   in,   in   their,   uh,   in   their   data   centers.   So   there   are,   you   know...   And,   and   those   trends   are   true   across   a   diverse   set   of,   uh,   industries   and   in   certain   cases,   frontier   AI   labs   too.   And   so   we   are,   you   know,   opportun-opportunistic   about   it.   But   I   do   think   we   step   back   and   think   about   it   overall   as,   uh,   the   opportunity   for   Google   Cloud.   Uh,   a   lot   of   it   is   providing   infrastructure   through   cloud.   At   times   it   is,   uh,   direct   sales   of,   uh,   TPU   hardwares   to   a   select   group   of   customers.   Uh,   but   again,   uh,   you   know,   we,   we,   we   do   take   ROIC   approach.   Um,   and   some   of   it   helps   us   get   more   economies   of   scale,   um,   uh,   scale   in,   in   our   overall,   uh,   compute   environment   as   well.   And   so   it   helps   us,   uh,   invest   in   the   cutting   edge,   which   we   need   to   do   the   next   generation   as   well.  
Speaker speaker_6: Thanks,   Sundar.  
Speaker speaker_0: Your   next   question   comes   from   Doug   Annett   with   JPMorgan.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_6: Thanks   so   much   for   taking   questions.   Um,   one   for   Nat   and   one   for   Philipp.   Um,   Nat,   you,   you   talked   about   twenty   twenty-seven   CapEx,   that   it'll   increase   significantly,   and   I   know   you   didn't   quantify   it,   but   how   do   you   think   about   the   current   CapEx   trajectory,   the   ability   to   service   this   massive   backlog   that   you've   built   up   in   just   the   last   quarter   and,   and   what   will   no   doubt   increase   going   forward?   And   then,   um,   Philipp,   can   you   just   talk   more   about   the   drivers   of   Search   queries   at   an   all-time   high,   and   then   how   you,   how   you're   thinking   about   how   much   room   there   may   be   to   increase   coverage   of   Search   queries,   just   ability   to   show   ads   against   a   higher   percentage   of   queries   than   the   twenty   percent   you've   been   at   historically.   Thanks.  
Speaker speaker_2: Thanks,   Doug,   for   the   question.   Let   me   start   with,   uh,   your   first   question   on   the   CapEx   and   how   we   think   about   CapEx   increase   going   into   twenty   twenty-seven.   So   you've   seen   us   over   the   past   several   years   increase   CapEx,   um,   every   year,   and   we   have   done   it   very   thoughtfully   to   meet   the   demand   that   we   are   seeing,   both   from   external   customers   as   well   as   demands   across   the   organization.   And   you're   seeing   the   proof   point,   the   ROIC   on   that   in   terms   of   just   the   growth   rate   we're   seeing,   whether   it's,   um,   growth   rate   within   Search   or   certainly   the   Cloud   business,   uh,   and   the   opportunity   we   have   within   the   Cloud   backlog.   So   as   we're   seeing   that   robust   demand   across   the   business,   we   are   looking   at   what   can   we   do   to   support   that   growing   demand   and   the   opportunity   ahead   of   us.   And   increasing   CapEx   to   meet   that   demand   will   provide   more   clarity,   uh,   in   a   future   earnings   call   about   what   that   number   will   be.   But,   uh,   that's   the   opportunity   we're   seeing   ahead   of   us.   It's   quite   meaningful,   and   we   wanna   make   sure   we   capitalize   that,   uh,   and   we   do   it   in   a,   in   a   way   that's   responsible,   um,   as   we've   done   to   date.  
Speaker speaker_3: So   on   the   second   part   of   your   question,   first   of   all,   just   to   zoom   out   for   a   second,   I   mean,   we're   very   pleased   with   the   performance   of   our   ads   business   here.   Um,   and,   uh,   as   Amanat   shared,   uh,   Google   Services,   uh,   benefited   from   a   strong   FX   tailwind.   Uh,   that's   important   to   keep   in   mind.   The   strength   we   saw   in   Search   was   not   due   to   a   single   driver,   but   was   really   the   result   of   many   parts   of   our   business   showing   strength   and   working   very   well   together.   Um,   if   I   just   dive   deep   for   a   second   into   the   vertical   perspective,   uh,   retail,   finance,   I   talked   about   it,   and   health,   uh,   drove   the   greatest   contribution,   uh,   although   all   major   vert-verticals   actually,   uh,   contributed.   And   we   make   hundreds   of   changes   every   quarter,   uh,   to   improve   the   user   experience,   the   advertiser   experience.   And   so   that's   really   contributing,   uh,   to   our   performance   here.   And,   uh,   we've   also   been   able   to   generate   very   strong   ads   performance   while   significantly   involving   the   Search   results   page   here.   Uh,   the   queries   continue   to   grow,   and   as   Sundar   mentioned,   they   are   at   an   all-time   high.   Uh,   we   see   AI   Overviews   and   AI   mode   continue   to   drive   greater   Search   usage   and,   uh,   growth   in   overall   queries,   including   in,   uh,   commercial   queries.   Um,   you   specifically   asked   about   the,   uh,   twenty   percent   on   the   coverage   side.   And   as   I   said   before,   I   think,   uh,   with   the   ability   of   AI   to   better   understand,   uh,   intent   and   a   lot   of   other   vectors   around   it,   um,   I   think   there   is   upside,   uh,   in,   uh,   in   that   coverage   number.   Um,   and   overall,   just   the   understanding   that   we   have   with   Gemini,   uh,   on   intent   has   just   significantly   expanded   our   ability   to   deliver   ads   on   longer   and   more   complex   searches   that   were   previously,   uh,   really   difficult,   uh,   to   monetize.   And,   uh,   Sundar   shared   earlier,   we're   deploying   our   Gemini   models   now   across   all   of   our,   uh,   ads   infrastructure,   and   it's   really   driving   improvements   across   the   big   three   areas   that   I   highlighted   in   my,   um,   prepared   remarks.Thank   you,   Beth.  
Speaker speaker_0: Our   next   question   comes   from   Eric   Sheridan   with   Goldman   Sachs.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_3: Thanks   so   much   for   taking   the   questions.   Maybe   two,   if   I   could.   Uh,   the   first   one,   just   building   on   the   answers   so   far.   When   you   look   at   the   backlog   you   disclosed   today,   so   I   would   love   to   know   if   you   can   come   back   to   your   comments   on   AI   infrastructure   and   your   unique   approach   and   how   that   positions   you   to   either   build   capacity,   scale,   compute,   and   do   it   in   a   way   that   is,   as   Anand   said,   uh,   sort   of   ef-effective   from   a   margin   standpoint   as   well   as   a,   uh,   compute   standpoint.   Just   to   understand   where   you   sit   competitively   in   your   mind   relative   to   others.   That'd   be   one.   And   then   Philipp,   to   bring   you   into   the   conversation,   you   referenced   UCP,   and   there's   been   a   lot   of   industry   inertia   around   U-UCP   very   quickly.   Talk   to   us   a   little   bit   about   what   UCP   means   for   the   services   business   as   agentic   commerce   scales   in   the   years   ahead.   Thanks   so   much.  
Speaker speaker_2: Um,   thanks,   Eric.   Uh,   look,   I,   I   do   think   part   of--   I   mean,   I   do   think   we   are   genuinely   differentiated.   We   are   unique   in   the   market   because   of   our   vertically   optimized   AI   stack   and   the   way   we   co-develop   the   components   from   our   infrastructure   and   models   to   platforms   and   the   tools   to   applications   and   agents.   And   the   fact   that   we,   uh,   you   know,   own   frontier   models,   own   the   silicon,   uh,   you   know,   really   helps   us,   uh,   stay   ahead   of   the   curve.   And   on   top   of   it   all,   just   to,   uh,   put   extra   point   on   it,   uh,   the   deep   investment   in,   in   our   security   layers   to   keep   everything   safe.   And   I   think   we   are   the   only   provider   in   the   market   that   offers   all   of   these   in   a,   a   vertical   stack.   And   so   I,   you   know--   So   overall,   again,   to   my,   uh,   earlier   comments   to   Brian,   I   think   about   it   all   as   Google   Cloud.   Uh,   we   can--   we   have   many   different   ways   to   serve   our   customers,   so   we   can   meet   them   in   a   way,   uh,   suited   to   their   needs,   I   think   better   than,   uh,   better   than,   uh,   other,   uh,   other   players   here.   And   I   do   think,   uh,   uh,   you   know,   I   do   think,   you   know,   looking   ahead,   uh,   our   ability   to,   uh,   invest   in   this   moment   and   stay   at   the   frontier,   uh,   you   know,   I   think   puts   us   in   a,   a   strong   position.   And   I   think   we   are   doing   it   based   on   tangible,   uh,   demand   signals   we   are   seeing.   And,   and   it's   not   just   on   the   revenue   side,   but,   you   know,   I'm   talking   from   a   ROIC,   uh,   framework,   and,   you   know,   that's   what   is,   uh,   helping   us   navigate   this   moment   responsibly.  
Speaker speaker_3: And   to   the   second   part   of   your   question,   look,   I   mean,   we're   in   the   early   stages   of   the   agentic   era.   Uh,   agentic   is   more   than   just   completing   transactions.   We   all   know   this.   We   see   agentic   experiences   as   additive,   and   it   will   really   transform   how   we   shop   from   discovery   to   decisions,   uh,   while   helping   obviously   brands   differentiate   themselves.   Uh,   we've   been   very   intentional,   uh,   about   creating   an   agentic   experience   that   works   for   our   users,   our   partners,   for   the   entire   ecosystem.   And   our   goal   is   really   to   remove   the   grunt   work   of   shopping   so   consumers   can   focus   on   the   enjoyable   parts.   Uh,   for   decades,   you   could   either   shop   fast   or   smart,   and   I   think   with   agentic   commerce,   you   no   longer   have   to   actually   choose   between   speed   and   certainty   here.   And   the   vision   is   to   make   commercial   experiences   across   the   board   assistive,   uh,   more   personal,   more   fluid.   And   we're   carefully   designing   space   and   agentic   workflows   for   users   to   really   see   valuable   components   of   their   shopping   journey   beyond   just   price,   such   as   customer   service,   brand   loyalty,   and   more,   while   removing   the   friction   of   the   process   that   I   just   talked   about.   And   this   is   exactly   where   the   part   of   your   question   kicks   in,   the   Universal   Commerce   Protocol,   a,   a   new   open   standard   for   agentic   commerce   that   works   actually   across   the   entire   shopping   journey,   from   the   discovery   to   the   buying   and   the   post-purchase   support   that   we   just   talked   about.   And   it   was   really,   uh,   co-developed   with   the   industry   leaders,   uh,   including,   I   mentioned   them,   Shopify,   Etsy,   Walmart,   and   so   on.   And   we've   re-received   tremendous   feedback   so   far   from   hundreds   of   top   tech   companies,   uh,   payments   partners,   uh,   retailers   really   inter-interested   in   integrating.   And   it   will   help   power   a   new   checkout   experience   in   AI   mode,   in   Search,   in   the   Gemini   app,   and   allowing   shoppers   to   actually   check   out   from   select   merchants   right   as   they're   researching   on,   on   Google   and,   and   going   through   this   journey.   So   we're   very,   very   excited   about   it.  
Speaker speaker_0: Our   next   question   comes   from   Ross   Sandler   with   Barclays.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_7: Oh,   yeah,   just   following   up   on   the   last   question   on   agentic   shopping.   So   it   seems   like   we're   at   the   point   in   time   where   this   is   actually   going   to   start   happening   finally.   Um,   so   Philipp,   just   to   elaborate   a   little   bit,   as   you   try--   as   you   look   at   carrying   the   AdWords   business   from   kind   of   the   old   way   of   doing   things   to   this,   to   this   new   agentic,   uh,   frictionless   shopping   way,   how   do   you   see   the,   the   price   and   volume   kind   of   growth   trends   for   core   AdWords   evolving   as,   uh,   as   you   start   implementing   more   agentic   workflows   in   Search?  
Speaker speaker_2: Look,   our   number   one   focus   is   obviously   on   the   user   experience   here.   And,   uh,   I   think   the   most   important   part   in   this   is,   uh,   what   I   mentioned   before.   We   are   carefully   designing   the   space   in   the   agentic   workflows   for   the   users   to   actually   see   the   valuable   components,   uh,   within   this   shopping   journey.   And   the   second   you   have   the   space,   you   obviously   have   the   ability,   uh,   for   interesting   app,   um,   a-advertising   models.   Um,   I   think   it's   also   worthwhile   noting   that,   um,   beyond   just   the   traditional   agents,   there's   a   lot   of   additional   ways   we   can   actually   use   AI   to   improve   the   shopping   experience.   And,   uh,   you   can   think   about   it   like   our   apparel   try-on   tools,   uh,   that   is   now   available   in   the   US.   You   can   think   about   Google   Lens.   Uh,   so   there's   a   lot   more   to   do   here,   but   I   think   the   key   part   is,   uh,   actually   what   I   said   before.   Uh,   we   focus   on   the   user   experience   here,   and   I   think,   I   think   all   else   will   follow   if   we   pay   attention   to   the   points   I   mentioned.  
Speaker speaker_0: Your   next   question   comes   from   Michael   Nathanson   with   MoffettNathanson.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_3: Thanks.   One   for   Sundar,   one   for   Philipp.   Sundar,   if   I   can   connect   Brian,   Brian's   question,   Eric's   question-
Speaker speaker_8: And   go   a   little   bit   higher.   I   wanted   to   understand   how   are   you   deciding,   how   are   you   allocating   which   divisions   and   projects   get   excess   capacity   given   that   you're   constrained,   right?   So   how   do   you   decide   between   all   the   internal   projects   you   have   and   the   external   projects,   right?   So   what   types   of   screens   are   you   running   to   decide,   you   know,   who   gets   the   handful   capacity?   And   then   to,   to   Philipp,   I   noticed   that   you   said   this   on   the   Gemini   app,   there's   more   and   more   images   that,   that   come   to   you   in   the   shopping   journey.   So   can   I   get   your   thoughts   about   adding   advertising   on,   on   that   app,   and   what's   guiding   your   decision-making   here   on   adding   ads   on,   on   Gemini?   Thanks.  
Speaker speaker_2: Uh,   thanks,   Michael.   I   think,   uh,   great   question,   you   know,   on,   on   an   ongoing   basis.   I'm   looking   forward   to   Gemini   helping   me   more   and   more   as   I'm   thinking   that   through.   Uh,   look,   I   do   think   that   the   foundation   where   we   start   with   it   is,   uh,   what   do   we   need,   uh,   from   a,   a   R&D   standpoint   to,   to,   to   develop,   uh,   models   at   the   frontier.   So   what   do   you   need   for,   uh,   you   know,   training   these   models   and,   and   so   effectively   the   compute   needed   for   GDM,   uh,   because   it's   a   foundation   for   everything   we   do.   And,   uh,   so   that's   a   core   principle   with   which   we   operate.   And   then   obviously,   you   know,   we,   uh,   with   the   ability   to   plan   ahead,   uh,   we   are--   we   do,   you   know,   we   do   long-range   plans,   uh,   on   our,   on   our   core   areas,   be   it,   be   it   Search,   be   it   YouTube,   uh,   and   so   on,   as   well   as   what   we   see,   uh,   in,   in   Google   Cloud.   And   obviously   in   Google   Cloud,   you   know,   we   have--   we're   providing   enterprise   AI   solutions,   uh,   which,   you   know,   which,   uh,   you   know,   this   quarter,   um,   you   know,   had   a   eight   hundred   percent,   uh,   year-on-year   increase   from   the   prior   year.   Uh,   so   we   are   seeing   strong   demand,   uh,   for,   uh,   Gemini   Enterprise,   uh,   our   AI   solutions   there.   We   see   strong   demand   for   infrastructure,   uh,   in   Google   Cloud.   And   as   I   said   earlier,   in   some   cases,   uh,   we   are   seeing   demand   for,   uh,   TPU   hardware,   TPU,   uh,   hardware   and   others,   uh,   data   centers   as   well.   So,   you   know,   we   are,   we   are   modeling   these   out   and,   and   working   to   allocate   across,   across   these,   uh,   areas.   Obviously,   we   are,   uh,   compute-constrained,   uh,   in   the,   in   the   near   term.   Uh,   and,   uh,   as   an   example,   our   cloud   revenue   would   have   been   higher   if   we   were   able   to   meet   the   demand.   So   we   are   working   through   that   moment   and,   you   know,   we   are   investing,   but   we   have   a,   a   robust,   um,   you   know,   long-range   planning   framework.   Um,   and,   you   know,   we,   we   see   extraordinary   opportunities   ahead   and,   uh,   you   know,   we   are   allocating   with   that   framework   in   mind.   And   to   the   second   part   of   your   question,   uh,   as   I   said   in   my   previous   answer,   um,   we,   we   are   obviously   focused,   uh,   on   the   user   first   and   creating   a   really   great   user   experience,   uh,   with   all   of   our   product,   especially   on   newer   products.   Um,   and   specifically   on   monetization   in   the   Gemini   app,   our   focus   right   now   is   on   AI   mode.   Uh,   but   it's   fair   to   say   that   we   really   believe   a   format   that   works   well   in   AI   mode,   uh,   would   transfer   successfully,   uh,   to   Gemini   app.   And,   uh,   so,   uh,   today,   uh,   in   the   Gemini   app,   we're   focused   on   the   free   tier   and   subscriptions   and   our   AI   plans,   uh,   were   a   sizable   contributor   to   our   Google   One   revenue   growth.   Uh,   but   let's   also   be   clear,   ads   have   always   been   a   big   part   of   scaling   products   to   reach   billions   of   people.   And   if   done   well,   ads   can   be   really   valuable   and   really   helpful   commercial   information.   And   at   the   right   moment,   uh,   we'll   share   any   plans,   uh,   as   we   have   said,   uh,   but   we're   not   rushing   anything   here.  
Speaker speaker_8: Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_0: Your   next   question   comes   from   Mark   Schmilick   with   AllianceBernstein.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_8: Uh,   yes,   thanks   for   taking   the   question.   Uh,   Philipp,   one   more   on   Search   performance,   if   I   can.   Um,   you   know,   you   talked   a   few   times   about   kind   of   optimizing   for   the   consumer   experience.   Uh,   and   I   guess   besides   higher   query   volume,   is   it   fair   to   conclude   that   consumers   are   using   these   AI   tools,   Google's   or   otherwise,   and   it's   shrinking   their   purchasing   journeys,   converting   at   higher   rates?   And,   and   if   so,   is   there   a   way   to   dimensionalize   how   much   of   the   strength   in   Search   is   being   driven   by   that   behavioral   change,   uh,   against   perhaps   some   of   the   newer   advertiser   AI   tools   that   you've   been   launching   and   rolling   out?   Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_2: I   think   the   way   to   think   about   it   is   really,   uh,   to   think   about   the   expansionary   moment   we   see   here   for   Search.   Uh,   this   is   the   key   part.   AI   is   fundamentally   changing   how   the   world   searches,   uh,   uh,   for   and   how   it   accesses   information.   Uh,   queries   are   at   an   all-time   highs   understand   this.   Uh,   traditional   search   really   started   with   ten   blue   links,   and   now   we   have   AI   Overviews   and   AI   mode,   and   they   have   made   search   more   intelligent   than   ever,   and   they   let   you   ask   far   more   complex   questions.   Uh,   and   we   have   Lens,   uh,   or   Circle   to   Search,   um,   and--   or   we   have   Search   Live.   Uh,   Search   Live   is   now   available   to   all   countries   and   languages   that   support   AI   mode.   Again,   shows   you   the   expansionary   nature,   uh,   of   it.   And,   uh,   we   have   our   AI-driven   search   campaigns,   and   we   have   now   SMBs   that   can   reach   customers   at   a   scale   that   it   really   wasn't   possible   even   a   few   years   ago.   And   you   can   add   in   Google   Translate   and   so   on.   So   I   feel   if   you   factor   all   of   this   in,   uh,   we   are,   we   are   in   a   pretty   good,   uh,   place   and   are   quite   excited   about   where   this   is   going.  
Speaker speaker_0: Your   next   question   comes   from   Ron   Josey   with   Citi.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_8: Great.   Thanks   for   taking   the   question.   Maybe   this   one   is   for   Nat.   You   know,   we   can   see   with   margins   continue   to   expand   here,   I   wanted   to   understand   maybe   if   you   could   break   down   the   cost   drivers   or,   or   really   the   drivers   of   margin   expansion,   particularly   amongst   Cloud.   There's   a   thesis   out   there   that   AI   revenues   are   a   lower   margin   in   general,   but   we   are   seeing   margins   improve.   So   more   insights   on   just   the   Cloud   business   and   what's   driving   that   margin   expansion.   Obviously,   demand,   maybe   pricing,   but   that   would   be   helpful.   Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_2: Sure.   Let   me   help,   um,   unpack   the   margin   expansion.   Obviously,   we're   pleased   to   see   that.   There   are   pushes   and   pulls   across   the   business,   including   within   Cloud   specifically.
Speaker speaker_4: And   I   would   start   with   the   top   line.   When   we   see   this   robust,   strong   revenue   growth,   both   in   Cloud   and   Google   Services,   it   does   provide   leverage   all   the   way   down   to   the,   uh,   bottom   line   within   the   income   statement.   Um,   and   you   know,   we've   been   working   hard   to   ensure   we   have,   um,   we're   running   a,   a   productive   and   efficient   organization.   And   it's   not   just   how   we   operate   the   business,   but   even   in   areas   such   as   our   technical   infrastructure,   where   we   are   investing,   uh,   these   significant   CapEx   investments   into   our   data   centers   and   servers.   We   are   looking   at   how   we   drive   scientific   process   innovation   within   that,   um,   organization,   and   that   is   reflected,   uh,   both   in   Cloud   and   Google   Services   as   we   allocate   cost,   uh,   based   on,   based   on   consumption.   I--   In   the   past,   I   did   talk   about   the   depreciation   associated   with   these   investments   that   is   hitting   both   Google   Cloud   and   Google   Services.   Um,   Google   Cloud   expanded   margin   quite   significantly   from   a   year   ago,   as   you've   seen   in   our   numbers,   uh,   that   we've   just,   um,   previewed.   And   a   lot   of   it,   again,   is,   is   the   top-line   growth   that   Google   Cloud   is   providing   or   producing,   as   well   as   an   incredibly   efficient   way   of   running   the   business.   I   will   give   Thomas   and   the   team   a   lot   of   credit   for,   uh,   running   a   very,   um,   productive   organization   and   making   sure   that   we   are   supporting   our   customers   and   providing   the   services   and   products   that   they,   um,   want   and   benefit   from,   continue   to   drive   top-line   growth   and   doing   this   well   within   the   middle   of   the   income   statement,   all   the   way   from   a   very   efficient   technical   infrastructure,   thinking   through   how   do   we   leverage   AI   across   our   business.   Uh,   Sundar   mentioned   the   use   of,   uh,   coding   internally   or   how,   um,   Gemini   helps   us   there   at,   uh,   optimizing   our   real   estate   footprint.   And   we're   gonna   continue   to   do   this.   This   is   not--   We're   not   gonna   stop   here.   We're   gonna   continue   to   push   for   more   efficiency,   knowing   that   we're   gonna   have   the   headwind   associated   with,   uh,   with   the   depreciation   coming   with   higher,   uh,   CapEx   level.  
Speaker speaker_9: Thank   you.   Very   helpful.  
Speaker speaker_0: Our   next   question   comes   from   Ken   Gaworowski   with   Wells   Fargo.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_9: Thank   you   very   much.   Uh,   two,   if   I   may,   please.   Um,   first   o-o-on   the   cloud   and   capacity.   Could   you   speak   about   how   your   verticalized   capabilities   enable   you   to   navigate   a   complicated   supply   chain,   uh,   especially   one   experiencing   inflation   and   constraints?   Are   you   factoring   any   supply   chain   price   inflation   into   'twenty-six,   uh,   and   'twenty-seven   CapEx   commentary?   Uh,   and,   and   as   part   of   that,   uh,   maybe   not,   could   you   talk--   uh,   could   you   update   us   on   the   allocation   of   compute   capacity,   internal   versus   external   cloud?   And   then   o-o-one   more,   please.   When   you   think   about   search   query   volume   growth,   we're   clearly   seeing   expanding   use   cases.   Historically,   you   know,   it's,   it's   always   been   free   to   the   consumer   with   and,   and,   uh,   completely   ad-supported.   Do   you   see   future   use   cases   where,   uh,   where   certain   consumer   u-use   cases   are   more   effectively   monetized   via   subscriptions   and,   and   maybe   a   different   mix   of   the   consumer,   quote-unquote,   search,   the   new   search   opportunity?   Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_4: All   right,   Ken.   Um,   maybe   there   are   a   few   parts   to   it.   Maybe   I'll,   I'll,   I'll   touch   on   it.   And,   you   know,   on,   on   overall,   uh,   compute,   uh,   you   know,   I   think   I   spoke   earlier   on   how   we   think   about   allocation   of,   uh,   compute   across   our,   uh,   our,   our   businesses.   And,   you   know,   I   think,   uh,   again,   the   long-range   planning   and   the   ROIC   frameworks,   uh,   you   know,   give   us   a   good   way   to,   uh,   plan   ahead.   Uh,   I   do   think   we--   I   mean,   obviously,   uh,   we   are,   uh,   you   know,   uh,   working   through   a   complicated   supply   chain   environment,   as   you   point   out,   and   we   are   factoring   that   into,   uh,   any   commentary   we   give,   uh,   we   give.   But   I   think   the   scale   at   which   we   are   operating   and,   and   our   ability   to   work   across   all   layers,   both,   uh,   you   know,   our   supply   chain   partners   see   the   strength   of   our   diversified   businesses   and   the,   and   the   demand   we   drive   and   our,   our   frontier   technology   and,   and   the   investments   all   through   the   stack.   Uh,   I   think,   I   think   they   help   us,   uh,   get   into   deeper   partnerships   all   across   the   supply   chain.   And   I   think   that's,   uh,   uh,   and   I   mentioned   earlier   the   economies   of   scale   point   as   well.   So   all   of   that,   uh,   factors   in   in   a   positive   way   there,   I   think.   Um,   in   terms   of,   uh,   in   terms   of   Search,   uh,   look,   I   think   we   have--   uh,   we   are   proud   that   we   build   models   at   all.   Uh,   you   know,   we   are   at   the   frontier   across   the   period   of   frontier.   We   do   think   about   capability   and   the   cost   frontier   deeply,   uh,   so   that   we   can   serve   users   at   scale.   But   at   the   same   time,   we   can   bring   in   the   most   powerful   models   for   the   most   demanding   queries.   Uh,   but   you   know,   the   future,   as   you   are   right,   that,   uh,   you   know,   in   a,   in   a   valuable,   uh,   uh--   as   we   serve   more   and   more   valuable   use   cases,   there,   there   are   going   to   be   use   cases   where,   uh,   people   will   want,   uh,   want   to   use   the   most   powerful   model.   And,   you   know,   there   may   be   different   ways   to   accomplish   that.   So   we're   gonna   put   the   user   first   and   support   them   in   the   way,   uh,   uh,   they   wanna   use   the   product.   And   we   are   already,   you   know,   provide,   uh,   you   know,   uh,   various,   uh,   tiers   of   our   subscription   plans   in   which   you   can   get   access   to   more   powerful   models,   and   that   applies   across   your,   uh,   Google   user   experience   and,   and   including,   including   in   Search.   And,   you   know,   you've   seen   the   momentum.   Uh,   you   know,   we   saw,   uh,   a   very   robust   quarter   in   terms   of   our   AI   subscriptions   growth,   uh,   you   know,   uh,   you   know,   driven   by   interest   in   getting   access   to   better   Gemini   models.   And   so   I   think   that   sets   us   up   well,   uh,   to   serve,   uh,   the   breadth   of   use   cases   people   would   want,   uh,   in   all   places,   including   in   Search.  
Speaker speaker_9: Thank   you.
Speaker speaker_4: And   our   last   question   comes   from   Justin   Post   with   Bank   of   America.   Your   line   is   now   open.  
Speaker speaker_10: Great.   Thank   you   for   taking   my   question.   I,   I   expect   a   lot,   lot   of   interest   in   your   TPU   sales.   So   can   you   help   us   think   about   the--   how   you're   thinking   about   the   opportunity   there   and   then   maybe   how   much,   uh,   break   down   the   backlog   growth   a   little   bit   between   TPUs   and   cloud?   And   then,   and   the   second   question,   um,   just   think   about   the   margins   on   these   big   generative   AI,   uh,   cloud   deals.   Uh,   how   do   you   think   about,   you   know,   these   hundred   billion   dollar   deals   coming   in   and   the,   and   the   margins   associated   with   those?   You   know,   can   they   be   similar   to   your   cloud,   cloud   business   as   it   is?   Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_1: Look,   you   know,   overall,   I   would   say   that   we,   we   see   tremendous   interest   in,   uh,   there's   tremendous   demand   for   both   AI   solutions   as   well   as   AI   infrastructure,   including,   you   know,   massive   interest   in   our,   um,   you   know,   GPU   offerings,   uh,   as   well   as,   uh,   uh,   TPUs.   And,   uh,   and   so   we   are,   you   know,   we   are,   we   are,   you   know,   proud   that   we   can   provide   customers,   uh,   with   a,   with   a   very   diverse,   uh,   you   know,   the   breadth   of   our   offerings   and,   and   let,   you   know,   uh,   let   them,   uh,   we   can   meet   them   in   terms   of   where   their,   uh,   needs   are.   Uh,   and   maybe   I'll,   I'll   pass   it   to   Nat   to   give   some   color   on   the   backlog   growth.  
Speaker speaker_4: Yep.   So   the   backlog,   the,   um,   the   TPU   hardware   agreements   that   Sundar   referenced   in   his   prepared   remarks   are   reflected   in   our,   our   cloud   backlog   of   the   four   hundred   and   sixty-two   billion   dollars,   although   the   majority   of   the   bla-backlog   is   still   GCP   agreements.   Now   as   you   think   about   the   total   backlog,   um,   just   over   half   of   it   will   convert   to   revenue   in   the   next   twenty-four   months.   And   the   TPU   hardware   sales,   more   specifically,   we   expect   a   small   percent   of   them   to   see   coming   through   as   revenue,   uh,   later   this   year,   and   then   the   majority   to   be   realized   as   revenue   in   twenty   twenty-seven.  
Speaker speaker_10: And   then   anything   on,   um,   the   big   AI   deal   margins   for--   with   the   generative   AI   companies?  
Speaker speaker_1: Look,   I   think   nothing   to   comment   on,   uh,   any   specific   contracts,   but   overall,   earlier   there   was   a   lot   of   questions   about   how   do   we   allocate.   And   remember,   in   a,   in   a   constrained   environment,   when   we   are   choosing   to   allocate   across   all   these   opportunities,   uh,   we   are   working   off   a   robust   ROC   framework.  
Speaker speaker_10: Okay.   Thank   you.  
Speaker speaker_4: Thank   you.   And   that   concludes   our   question   and   answer   session   for   today.   I'd   like   to   turn   the   conference   back   over   to   Jim   Friedland   for   any   further   remarks.  
Speaker speaker_1: Thanks,   everyone,   for   joining   us   today.   We   look   forward   to   speaking   with   you   again   on   our   second   quarter   twenty   twenty-six   call.   Thank   you,   and   have   a   good   evening.