Speaker 1: Who doesn't love Ann Hathaway? Thank you for coming back to But you know when you have a moment, you're just like, oh, I'm gonna remember that forever. Thank you so much for that. Yeah. There you go. It just happened. Come on. The Roots. Thank you. Hi, everybody.
Speaker 0: Thank
Speaker 1: you for playing Reverse Charades with me. You're a great partner. Thank you. You're a great partner. I mean, are you are you competitive when you play games? Do you play games at home? You don't mean to be. I know. Me neither. Are you? You don't mean to be. But then you saw over there, I was like, no. It's just a nice friendly game. And then the last I'm like, but the points are on. Like, it's on. Like, something Let's go. I wanna win this. Something takes over. I'm less competitive
Speaker 1: now. Why? Kids. Yeah.
Speaker 1: Yeah. I think maybe being competitive is genetic. Because my kids are like they they they're competitive too. It turns out motherhood has softened me and I like to watch them win. Yeah. My kids are very competitive, too.
Speaker 0: One daughter is. Yeah. Yeah. The other one doesn't really care.
Speaker 0: Because, like, it's fun. It's all good, but the other one really wants to win. And I I don't I don't throw the games. I go I just go. I really And I play for I play for money too.
Speaker 0: Are
Speaker 0: you Is there a party game that you're especially good at? It's
Speaker 1: No. I mean,
Speaker 1: you know, I was playing a game We we play a lot of we play a lot of Pokemon, and we play a lot of trouble and sorry. Oh, But there is game last I was working last week and I was on set and we were just passing the time. And have you seen one of that movie trivia game where it's cards and they and it just asks you questions? Well, I've seen like they have a bunch of quiz, like sports and movies. And and I was just having one of those, like, runs where I couldn't miss. Yes. Like, I just knew. And I was, like, surprising myself. And it was, like Well, you know your stuff. You know movies. I didn't. I mean, apparently, I do. And then I got to this one question, and and
Speaker 1: people and they were, like, oh, okay. So
Speaker 1: junior executive assistant in Devil Wears Prada. I'm just like, Emily Blunt.
Speaker 1: And they were like, no.
Speaker 1: And it wasn't her. It was me. So
Speaker 0: I was gonna say, wait. I was genuinely confused. Was like, wait, but it's her. Was me, but I'm the that's wild. See, when it comes to you Yeah. So do you ever do you kind of do a project and then you kind of block it out of your mind or no? You just it just so happens you I don't know. I I'm I'm not huge on on looking back. It is kind of funny when, like, because, you know, I was in this movie when I was 17 years old called The Princess Diaries. Yeah.
Speaker 0: I
Speaker 0: watch you all the time.
Speaker 0: To this day, I watch you all the time. Really? Family loves That's the girls. We love you. Yeah. They love you so much. I I love that it's become kind of one of those family touchstones. So so anyway, people quote it to me all the time and I don't know what they're talking about. Yeah. I don't remember that. But Devil Wears Prada, I I recently saw a photo of you and Anna Wintour. You made your kind of Broadway debut together in Gutenberg the musical. You guys stood up. Here she is. Did did the crowd go nuts?
Speaker 1: So they so
Speaker 1: so and by the way, I have to say that's Josh Gad and that's Andrew Rannan. Both dear friends. And they're so they were so brilliant in the show. It was it was really next level. And at the end of the show, they invite two people up on stage.
Speaker 1: And
Speaker 0: so they said my name first and the audience had a very nice reaction. And then they said Anna's name and it was like rock star. Really? Yeah. Rock star. Everybody Because you don't really see Anna do many things that are outside of her Wear a trucker hat. Yeah. That's exactly right. You'd never see Anna Wintour from Vogue wear a trucker hat. That's correct. Yeah. But everyone just went nuts. She's also a New York icon. Oh, yeah. So I think where if she shows up at a pizzeria Yeah. She's New York icon. She's a worldwide icon. She's worldwide icon. She's everything. Is she fun to to share the stage with? Yeah. Yeah. Really, really fun. And just
Speaker 1: she she's she's been incredibly
Speaker 1: sweet to me and I'm very I'm just very grateful relationship.
Speaker 0: She's so cool. She's so cool. Do you do you get nervous around? I I get little nervous. Absolutely do. You do? I have less to lose because I'm never gonna be on the cover of Vogue. So I don't have nothing to worry about. But she likes me, and we've been friends for a long time. So I I kind of I'm comfy around her. So I I don't mean to I I try to keep it comfy. I try to keep it cozy. But inside my heart is Crazy. I just I just respect her so much. That I'm just like that. But I feel very comfortable around you. Yeah. I'm good. You
Speaker 0: should be. I'm your bud. No. Please. I I I totally I got the respect and also the dig at the same time. So it was perfect. That's how well I know you. That's how crazy I am. Yeah. Exactly. You know, I saw you, by the way,
Speaker 0: I was gonna say on Broadway, it wasn't. It was Shakespeare In The Park. You were there. Yeah. I came to see you. Absolutely. I'm a big fan. Yeah. What you did that. Were you nervous? I'm bad about the dig now.
Speaker 0: You
Speaker 0: better keep digging me. Are you kidding me? I have Okay. Please. If I you don't laugh at yourself, then come on. I I saw you, and it was at the Twelfth night at the Delacorte. Delacorte Theatre. Yeah. You were amazing. Do you get nervous? Does anything go wrong? Nothing went wrong when I saw you, but Nothing went wrong. Thank goodness. No, you're perfect. Because well, because so the Delacorte Theatre is an outdoor theater in Central Park. And so You know Shakespeare. Doing Shakespeare
Speaker 1: and it rained almost every night.
Speaker 1: And so but it's kind of amazing because every night the last line of the the show which we actually sang was for the rain it raineth every day. Yeah. And so the audience at that moment always burst out laughing and the whole show was so joyful. I had such a wonderful time. But one night something I don't know if it went wrong,
Speaker 1: but something happened.
Speaker 1: Mhmm. And there's so there's a scene, my character Viola,
Speaker 1: comes onto the stage and
Speaker 1: I knew that the line was funny, but I couldn't figure out how to make it funny. So, every night I was just trying something. Just anything I could think of. And, I was then, know, go out there, audience wouldn't laugh. And, I was like, tomorrow.
Speaker 1: And,
Speaker 1: then one night I went out there and I said the line and just the house went down. You killed it. Killed. And I was like, oh I found it. This is such a good feeling. I'm And I just like And so then of course I leaned into it because good you do. And so I lean into it and I'm just the audience is losing their minds. I look into the wings. The cast is losing their minds. I'm high fiving myself in my head.
Speaker 1: I'm just like I've arrived. This is happening. Yes. And I get off stage and I'm just like, well. And they go, did you see the raccoons?
Speaker 2: And I'm like, the the the what? And then they just go behind you. As soon as you came on stage, a family of raccoons came out. They were so cute.
Speaker 2: Couldn't focus on the scene because the raccoons were so cute. So I was like, well, actually, high five to the raccoons.
Speaker 0: That's and see, that's to it. You gotta work with everybody.
Speaker 0: Absolutely. You gotta work you play well with others. Let's talk about the idea of you. Oh, my gosh. Buddy, the trailer alone has gotten over a 125,000,000
Speaker 0: views. Yeah. It crushed. Broke the record.
Speaker 0: Most watched trailer of any streaming movie in history.
Speaker 1: Can we set up what the movie's about? Oh, sure. Sure. The the story is about Soleyn Marchand, who is a woman in who lives in Silver Lake. She's a gallery owner.
Speaker 1: She's a mom and she's got this really wonderful life and she unexpectedly
Speaker 1: meets the lead singer of the biggest boy band in the world. A 24 year old young man named Hayes Campbell. Yeah. And he thinks she's kinda
Speaker 0: great. Yeah. And so the story is about how they fall in love. Yeah. Because you're you're just a mom and you're chaperoning this thing and you go to this thing and then you see this boy band. I love hearing you describe my movie.
Speaker 2: Just the mom and this
Speaker 0: Yeah. Mom and this thing. That's how I describe it. I just mom is chaperoning
Speaker 0: like a Coachella type of thing, like a giant outdoor festival thing. And and the biggest boy band in the world and then a lead singer. Oh, yes. So my character my daughter's off watching Saint Vincent.
Speaker 1: Yeah. And because she doesn't like the boy bands any much like them in seventh grade. But anyway, I haven't had backstage pass. So I'm
Speaker 1: all access thing. I have to go to the bathroom. Somebody tells me where the trailers are. I go. And I
Speaker 0: walk into the wrong trailer. Yeah. Walk in and the rest is is hijinks ensues.
Speaker 0: The the remind me the actor that that plays the the lead singer. Nick Galatzine. Oh man. You guys have chemistry.
Speaker 1: Did you know when he was auditioning you go, oh this the guy? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. As soon as he I actually burst out laughing when he walked in because
Speaker 1: has
Speaker 1: anybody here read the book?
Speaker 0: No. We don't read.
Speaker 0: Well, you shouldn't that.
Speaker 0: This is the Tonight Show. Yeah. You wanna go
Speaker 0: you wanna go over to Steven you wanna go to Stephen Colbert if you wanna get people to read books.
Speaker 0: I wanna read.
Speaker 0: Lame. Well, you have an awesome book in store for you. It's written by Lame o. Yes. We do we do Audible here. We do that. We can do that count. I think it's time for you to dig for a baby. You have to get me back in. Yeah. I know. Okay. So It's based on this book.
Speaker 1: What's a book? Yeah.
Speaker 0: Too late. No. Too late. But but this is based on the big best selling book. The book does have a fan following Yeah. Somewhere.
Speaker 1: And anyway, and and I think the book's incredible. And Hayes Campbell is so beautifully written in the book. And so we knew that we just really needed to find something really special. He walked in. And I yeah. And I just thought, oh, that's Hays Campbell.
Speaker 1: And that was almost two years ago. And then Nick and I have become really good friends. And it's yeah. It's opened up in this beautiful way. It's really great. I wanna show everyone a clip. Here's Anne Hathaway in The Idea of You. Take a look.
Speaker 0: Hi again.
Speaker 1: Are you a part of that ASMR community that gets off on listening to people pee? No. I don't think you can just go around assuming It's actually my trailer.
Speaker 0: What? It's not literally mine. You know, I don't own it.
Speaker 0: This is your trailer? Yeah. I'm in the band. We're performing on the main stage. And now I'm
Speaker 0: Hayes Campbell.
Speaker 1: August Moon? Yeah. Well, I absolutely
Speaker 1: know who you are.
Speaker 1: Anyway,
Speaker 1: I'll
Speaker 0: Yeah. Come on. You know how to do it. Ed Hathaway, everybody. The Idea of You begins streaming on Prime Video this Thursday. We'll be right back with Melanie Linsky. Stick around, everybody.